Minor fixes to chapters on macros (#382)
amazon-ion/ion-docs: _books/ion-1-1/src/macros/defining_macros.md

# Defining macros

A macro is defined using a `macro` clause within a [module](../modules.md)'s [`macro_table` clause](../modules.md#macro_table).

## Syntax
```ion
(macro name signature template)
```

| Argument                                        | Description                                                                                               |
|-------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`name`](#macro-names)                          | A unique name assigned to the macro. To construct an anonymous macro, this argument is omitted.           |

Reviewer: Nit: the tense seems to conflict a bit here.
```suggestion
| [`name`](#macro-names)                          | A unique name assigned to the macro. To construct an anonymous macro, omit this argument.           |
```
or
```suggestion
| [`name`](#macro-names)                          | A unique name assigned to the macro. When constructing an anonymous macro, this argument is omitted.           |
```

In terms of its encoding, TDL is "just Ion."
As you shall see in the following sections, the constructs it introduces are written as s-expressions with a distinguishing leading value or values.

> A [grammar](../grammar.md#macro-definitions) for TDL can be found in the Grammar chapter.

Reviewer: I expected the link to be on "in the Grammar chapter."

}
```

### Special forms

```bnf
special-form       ::= '(.' ('$ion::')?  special-form-name expression* ')'

> special-form-name  ::= 'for' | 'if_none' | 'if_some' | 'if_single' | 'if_multi | parse_ion | literal'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
special-form-name  ::= 'for' | 'if_none' | 'if_some' | 'if_single' | 'if_multi' | 'parse_ion' | 'literal'
```
